# About Me
The journey of my life and career up until this point hasn’t been quite as straightforward as I would have liked. However, all of my past jobs and experiences have had a huge impact on where I am now and want to continue heading into the future.
I completed my undergrad degree in Biology in 2012 from the University of Washington in Seattle. Coming out of high school and throughout college I had planned on getting my degree and then going to Dental School. Obviously, since you’re reading this story and not nodding along to it with my hands and a couple of tools shoved into your mouth, my plan didn’t exactly come to fruition. It was a big adjustment to deal with when I’d had a blueprint of what I was going to do for so long and then not end up achieving my goal.
After my graduation I didn’t have much direction of what I wanted to do with the rest of my life. Over the next 5–6 years I moved around from Washington to Wisconsin to Florida. All the while working random jobs ranging from: Pet store employee, Shipping/Receiving Associate, Server Rack Assembly Technician, and Clinical Research Coordinator. Although none of these jobs were anything I wanted to do forever, they all were great experiences to help me grow and truly discover what it was I enjoyed doing (and what I definitely didn’t enjoy doing).
Like pretty much every other Millennial my age, I grew up hand in hand with technology. However, it took a phone call when I was nearly 29 years old to discover technology was a possible career option. My good friend from college, Kenny Cardona, was explaining to me what his daily life was like working in Cyber Security at RSA (owned by Dell). Everything we discussed all sounded super interesting (even though I had absolutely no clue what in the world he was talking about technically). With this newfound interest I decided to pursue Information Technology in the only way I knew how; to teach myself to obtain a Comptia Network+ certificate with no prior background or knowledge.
Several long and tedious months later I passed my cert and decided that all this IT stuff was the thing for me. I resigned from my job in clinical research in order to go back to school full-time to obtain my Associates in IT. Throughout my program I was exposed to many different branches of IT but the one that stuck with me the most with Data Science.
I think the reason Data Science instantly clicked with me was because without really knowing what Data Science was I had been drawn to it growing up. One of my favorite things to do that I’ve done for the past 20 years is to fill out a bracket for the March Madness basketball tournament. Even when I was younger I would look at all of the data available and create my own Excel spreadsheet to try to see if I could predict who was going to win (failed miserably every time :) ). I soon realized that even though I couldn’t predict anything at all, I still had a lot of fun doing it. All I needed to do was add the necessary knowledge and tools to my repertoire.
Earlier this year through the universe working its magic my wife was able to land a job working in Oakland. This meant a cross-country trip from Florida to California (done with myself and three cats in a car, Life Tip: Do NOT recommend). Despite the rough trip the end result was so worth it. Doing some research online I found General Assembly and obtained more information about their Data Science Immersive program. After successfully completing the interview process I was able to start my program within 3 weeks of moving to California.
This program has been extremely intense and at times overwhelming, but I’m enjoying everything I’ve learned so far. I’m excited I’ve finally found a career path that I know I will appreciate and find fulfilling and am super optimistic about the rest of this program and beyond.
